21.1.5 update (#1)
DevExpress-Examples/wpf-dock-layout-manager-populate-tabs-with-items: Readme.md

<!-- default badges list -->
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Open_in_DevExpress_Support_Center-FF7200?style=flat-square&logo=DevExpress&logoColor=white)](https://supportcenter.devexpress.com/ticket/details/T326792)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/📖_How_to_use_DevExpress_Examples-e9f6fc?style=flat-square)](https://docs.devexpress.com/GeneralInformation/403183)
<!-- default badges end -->
# WPF Dock Layout Manager - Populate Tabs with Items

> This example displays content in [DockLayoutManager](https://docs.devexpress.com/WPF/DevExpress.Xpf.Docking.DockLayoutManager)'s tabs in different approaches.

Reviewer: Please update this sentence without using "approaches".

Author: ```suggestion
This example displays content in [DockLayoutManager](https://docs.devexpress.com/WPF/DevExpress.Xpf.Docking.DockLayoutManager)'s tabs.

```

<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/12169834/175351620-63365ade-c0a0-4bd0-ac6c-0907dd5a3647.png" width=525px/>

To do this, you can use any of the following containers:

- A [LayoutGroup](https://docs.devexpress.com/WPF/DevExpress.Xpf.Docking.LayoutGroup) with [GroupBorderStyle](https://docs.devexpress.com/WPF/DevExpress.Xpf.Docking.LayoutGroup.GroupBorderStyle) set to `Tabbed`
- A [TabbedGroup](https://docs.devexpress.com/WPF/DevExpress.Xpf.Docking.TabbedGroup)
- A [DocumentGroup](https://docs.devexpress.com/WPF/DevExpress.Xpf.Docking.DocumentGroup)

> A [DocumentGroup](https://docs.devexpress.com/WPF/DevExpress.Xpf.Docking.DocumentGroup) allows you to display dynamic content. It works similar to the document area in the Visual Studio.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A [DocumentGroup](https://docs.devexpress.com/WPF/DevExpress.Xpf.Docking.DocumentGroup) allows you to display dynamic content. It works similarly to the document area in Visual Studio.
```

![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DevExpress-Examples/how-to-display-items-in-tabs-t326792/15.1.3+/media/cdfa2c50-a7ba-11e5-80bf-00155d62480c.png)

> A [TabbedGroup](https://docs.devexpress.com/WPF/DevExpress.Xpf.Docking.TabbedGroup) displays static content like toolbars, service information, an other.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A [TabbedGroup](https://docs.devexpress.com/WPF/DevExpress.Xpf.Docking.TabbedGroup) displays static content such as toolbars, service information, and so on.
```
